These are estimates of the average (geometric mean) exposure rate (mg/kg 
bodyweight/day) for various U.S. populations. 
We are 50% confident that the exposure 
for the chemical is below the median estimate, and we are 95% confident that 
the average exposure rate is netweem the lower and upper 95th percentile limits.
Total 
population predictions are based upon consensus exposure model predictions and 
the similarity of the compound to those chemicals monitored by NHANES. The 
method for the total U.S. population was described in a 2018 publication, 
"Consensus Modeling of Median Chemical Intake for the U.S. Population Based on 
Predictions of Exposure Pathways" (https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.est.8b04056). 
When available, demographic-specific 
predictions are based upon a simpler, heuristic model described in the 2014 
publication "High Throughput Heuristics for Prioritizing Human Exposure to 
Environmental Chemicals" (https://doi.org/10.1021/es503583j).

Columns for Demographic-Exposure-Predictions-[DATE].txt:
DTXSID: DSSTox Substance Identifier 
Demographic: Demographic group for prediction (can be "Total" U.S. population)
Predictor: Prediction model used
Median: Median value for the prediction
L95: Lower 95th percentile value for the prediction
U95: Upper 95th percentile value for the prediction
Units: Units for the prediction
AD: 1 if the chemical is within the applicability domain, 0 if not
Reference: Reference for the prediction model used  

Fpr the general predictions:
Production volume is determined from the geometric mean of bins identified by 
the 2006 EPA Inventory Update Rule (IUR). Presence on the Stockholm Convention 
list of banned persistent organic pollutants was determined as of 2017. 
Probability for exposure via specific pathways was predicted using machine 
learning models by Ring et al. 2018.

Columns for General-Exposure-Predictions-[DATE].txt:
DTXSID: DSSTox Substance Identifier 
Production Volume: U.S. national production volume
Units: Units for production volume
Stockholm Convention: Whether (1) or not (0) the chemical is listed by the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants 
Probability Dietary: Likelihood from 0 (none) to 1 (certain)
Probability Residential: Likelihood from 0 (none) to 1 (certain) 
Probability Far-Field Pesticde: Likelihood from 0 (none) to 1 (certain) 
Probability Industrial: Likelihood from 0 (none) to 1 (certain)